---
title: "2020"
permalink: /parents/2020/
description: ""
---
### **2020**
#### **Letter to Parents, Term 4 2020, and J1 Promotional Examination Schedule 2020**
The JC1 Promotional Examination time-table and letter to parents from Mrs Phyllis Lim, Principal, were sent to parents/guardians through the Parents Gateway app.<br>
[2020 J1 Promos Timetable.pdf](/files/2020pdf1.pdf)<br>
[JC1 Principal's Letter to Parents T4 2020.pdf](https://cjc-moe-edu-sg-admin.cwp.sg/qql/slot/u495/Parents/2020/JC1%20Principal/'s%20Letter%20to%20Parents%20T4%202020.pdf) **broken link**<br>
[JC2 Principal's Letter to Parents T4 2020.pdf](https://cjc-moe-edu-sg-admin.cwp.sg/qql/slot/u495/Parents/2020/JC2%20Principal/'s%20Letter%20to%20Parents%20T4%202020.pdf) **broken link**

#### **Instructions for A-Level Examinations by SEAB**
The following instructions were released by the Singapore Examinations and Assessment Board (SEAB) for the A-Level examinations.<br>
[GCE Instructions to Sch Candidates 21 Aug 2020.pdf](/files/2020pdf4.pdf)

#### **MOE Financial Assistance Scheme and NEU PC Plus Programme**
The MOE Financial Assistance Scheme (MOE FAS) 2021 is open for application. Students who satisfy the eligibility criteria for the MOE FAS Scheme may submit the application form to the General Office by **Friday**, **20 November 2020**. More information can be found in the MOE FAS Pamphlet. [MOE FAS pamphlet 2021.pdf](/files/2020pdf5.pdf)<br>
[2021 MOE FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE SCHEME (FAS) AND NEU PC PLUS PROGRAMME.pdf](/files/2020pdf6.pdf)<br>
[2021 MOE FAS Application Form.pdf](/files/2020pdf7.pdf)

#### **Letter to Parents, Term 3 2020**
A Letter from our Principal, Mrs Phyllis Lim, for Term 3 2020 was sent to all parents/guardians via the Parents Gateway app.<br>
[2020 T3 - 2nd Letter to Parents.pdf](/files/2020pdf8.pdf)

#### **Resumption of full school on 29 June**
Information from Mrs Phyllis Lim, our Principal, regarding the resumption of full school on 29 June was sent to parents/guardians using the Parents Gateway app.<br>
[Resumption of full school (25 June).pdf](/files/2020pdf9.pdf)

#### **Resource Kit for Parents/Guardians for Term 3**
The Ministry of Education has put together some resources and tips for parents/guardians for the start of Term 3 in June. This Resource Kit was disseminated via the Parents Gateway app.<br>
[Back to School Resource Kit for Parents - 11 June.pdf](/files/2020pdf10.pdf)

#### **Mandatory security measures for video conferencing platforms**
The Ministry of Education (MOE) had earlier suspended the use of all video conferencing (VC) platforms following the recent security breaches on the VC platform Zoom, until the security issues are ironed out. MOE will now centrally manage teachers’ Zoom accounts. This enables MOE to enforce standardised security settings consistently across all teachers using the platform. These default settings will enhance security and restrict the use of Zoom’s functionalities, while allowing Live Lessons to still take place. For example, the use of passwords will now be mandatory for all lessons, while screen sharing, screen annotation and whiteboarding will be disabled and locked centrally. 

In addition, teachers are now required to comply with protocols and practices to ensure the safe use of VC platforms such as verifying the identity of individual students before admitting them into the lesson. Teachers must confirm their compliance with these measures before they are allowed to resume using them for teaching.

The Ministry will allow for the progressive resumption of VC platforms as these are good tools for motivating students to learn. As long as individual teachers have put these additional measures in place and have familiarised themselves with the security protocols as required, they can resume the use of VC platforms for HBL.

These multiple levels of security are intended to ensure a safe teaching and learning environment for our students and teachers. Please click on the Ministry's [webpage](https://www.moe.gov.sg/faqs-covid-19-infection) for information on the latest measures.

#### **Guidelines on the use of masks and face shields in school**
The Ministry of Health has just [announced](https://www.moh.gov.sg/news-highlights/details/guidance-for-use-of-masks-and-face-shields) that with effect from **2 Jun 2020**, face shields will be treated differently from masks. Masks will now be required as the default when you are outside your home.

Face shields will only be allowed in place of masks for specific exempt groups or settings, where the wearing of masks may not be practical. They are:

\- Children 12 years and below, who may have difficulty wearing and keeping masks on for a prolonged period of time;

\- Persons who have health conditions that may result in breathing or other medical difficulties when a mask is worn for a prolonged period of time; and

\- Persons, including teachers, who are speaking to a group in a classroom or lecture-style setting, where they are able to maintain a safe distance from others.

In view of the latest announcement, students in secondary schools and JC/CI **should not** be wearing face shields unless they have a certified health condition as highlighted. We would like to seek parents’ assistance in ensuring that your children are equipped with the appropriate gear when returning to school, and that they know how to use and store them safely.

If your children, or anyone in the home is unwell, do take them to the doctor and stay home till they have recovered. Let us all do our part to keep the school community safe.

Thank you and stay safe and healthy.

#### **Expanded Testing for COVID-19**
Since 2 Jun, the government has expanded surveillance testing for COVID-19. We would like to share the Ministry of Health's guidelines and what it means for our students.

Parents/guardians should accompany their children who are unwell, with respiratory symptoms like cough, sore throat and runny nose, to see a doctor and be assessed for Acute Respiratory Infection (ARI). If diagnosed with ARI:

*   Students (13 years and above) will be prioritised for COVID-19 testing and referred for testing at a polyclinic, designated GP clinic participating in the Swab-and-Send-Home initiative or Regional Screening Centre set up by the Health Promotion Board.

  

*   Students (12 years and below) will be assessed by the doctor as to whether a test is required, as younger children may require different clinical considerations than older children. Those who do not require a test will be issued a 5-day MC and should stay home. If he/she is still unwell at the end of 5 days, he/she should return to the same doctor for follow-up assessment and may be referred to KKH/NUH for a test.

The student pass with NRIC/FIN number is required for testing.

Please note that there may be exceptions, depending on the professional judgement of the doctor.

Testing will also apply to school staff, complementing the other safe management measures put in place in our schools to safeguard student well-being. For more details, please refer to the MOE [FAQs](https://www.moe.gov.sg/faqs-covid-19-infection).

Stay safe and healthy!

#### **Arrangement for School in Term 3**
The arrangements for JC 1s and 2s returning to college in Term 3 are laid out in this Letter from Mrs Phyllis Lim, our Principal.<br>
[Arrangement for School in Term 3.pdf](/files/2020pdf9.pdf)

#### **Schedule and Curriculum Plans for Term 3**
The following Letter from our Principal, Mrs Phyllis Lim, and the schedule and curriculum plans for Term 3 were sent to all parents and guardians via the Parents Gateway app.

<u>For JC 1s</u><br>
[Letter to parents on Term 3 schedule (JC1).pdf](/files/2020pdf10.pdf)<br>
[JC1 Curriculum and Assessment Plans_ May Hols and Term 3.pdf](/files/2020pdf11.pdf)

<u>For JC 2s</u><br>
[Letter to parents on Term 3 schedule (JC2).pdf](/files/2020pdf12.pdf)<br>
[JC2 Curriculum and Assessment Plans_ May Hols and Term 3.pdf](/files/2020pdf13.pdf)

#### **Letter to Parents/Guardians on adjusted academic calendar, 27 Apr**
Information on the adjusted academic calendar, rescheduling of national examinations and the release of the H1 Project Work results were disseminated to parents/guardians in a Letter from our Principal, Mrs Phyllis Lim, through the Parents Gateway app.<br>
[Letter to Parents on Adjusted Acad Calendar 27 Apr 2020.pdf](/files/2020pdf14.pdf)

#### **HBL Resource Kit for Parents/Guardians for mid-year school holidays**
With the upcoming mid-year holidays in May, our youth will be spending more time at home. This presents parents with opportunities to deepen your relationship with your teens and bond more as a family. The Ministry of Education has suggested tips in a new resource kit for parents/guardians on how you can frame your conversations with your teenagers positively, and things you can do to guide your teenagers to become mentally and emotionally resilient. By making small changes to what you say and do, you can relate better to your teenager, and equip them with the much needed support and positive attitude needed for life.   
  
This resource kit, disseminated through the Parents Gateway app, also suggests ways in which your family (your teens included) can bond while showing care for each other. #SGunited<br>
[Resource Kit for Parents - HBL (Part 4).pdf](/files/2020pdf15.pdf)

#### **HBL Resource Kit for Parents/Guardians**
The Ministry of Education has put together some tips for parents/guardians navigating Full Home-Based Learning with their children/wards. This was sent using the Parents Gateway app.<br>
[Resource Kit for Parents (HBL) 8 April 2020.pdf](/files/2020pdf16.pdf)

#### **Letter to all Parents/Guardians on HBL, 6 April 2020**
A letter to all parents/guardians from our Principal, Mrs Phyllis Lim, on Home-Based Learning was sent through the Parents Gateway app.<br>
[Letter to Parents on HBL 6 April 2020.pdf](/files/2020pdf17.pdf)

#### **One day of Home-Based Learning (HBL) a week from 1 Apr, 2020**
This letter to parents/guardians on the introduction of the one day Home-Based Learning each week was sent via the Parents Gateway app.<br>
[Letter to Parents on HBL 30 Mar 2020.pdf](/files/2020pdf18.pdf)

#### **Letter to all Parents for start of Term 2, 2020**
These letters to parents/guardians from Mrs Phyllis Lim, Principal of CJC, were disseminated via the Parents Gateway app.<br>
[2020 JC1 T2 Letter to Parents.pdf](/files/2020pdf19.pdf)<br>
[2020 JC2 T2 Letter to Parents.pdf](/files/2020pdf20.pdf)

#### **Schools will reopen on Mon, 23 Mar, for Term 2, as planned**
Schools will re-open for Term 2 on 23 Mar (Monday) as planned.

The Ministry of Health (MOH) has announced that the 14-day Stay Home Notice (SHN) will be issued to returning Singapore Residents and visitors from all countries. To further protect our schools, the Ministry of Education (MOE) will implement additional precautionary measures by issuing a 14-day Leave of Absence (LOA) to students and staff who have been out of Singapore on or after 14 Mar. Day zero of the 14 days of the LOA will commence from the date of their return to Singapore, and affected students should keep away from schools with immediate effect, that is, from Friday, 20 Mar, until the end of the 14 days. All affected students will be supported via home-based learning. 

All schools have been thoroughly cleaned and enhanced hygiene measures are in place.

MOE will continue to monitor the situation closely. Updates will be disseminated to all parents/guardians via the Parents Gateway app.

To read the press release from MOE, click [here](https://www.moe.gov.sg/news/press-releases/schools-and-kindergartens-to-re-open-with-enhanced-precautionary-measures).

For a visual guide to what a SHN and LOA entails, you may wish to click on [this](https://www.facebook.com/6788957003/posts/10159347488002004/).

#### **Advisory against all Non-essential Travel Abroad, 15 Mar 2020**
Dear Parents/Guardians

With immediate effect, Singaporeans are advised to defer all non-essential travel abroad. This advisory will apply for 30 days, and will be reviewed thereafter. This is to reduce the risk of Singaporeans contracting COVID-19 while overseas during this global pandemic.  

Singapore has also increased border restrictions to more countries, including **all** ASEAN countries, Japan, Switzerland and the United Kingdom, with a 14-day Stay-Home-Notice (SHN) for arrivals **from 16 Mar 11.59 p.m.**, with exemption of those travelling into Singapore from Malaysia via sea or land. Click [here](https://www.moh.gov.sg/news-highlights/details/additional-precautionary-measures-to-prevent-further-importation-of-covid-19-cases) to read the Ministry of Health’s (MOH) press release.

You are advised to review your travel plans during the March term break, and check the MOH [website](https://www.moh.gov.sg/covid-19) for the latest measures as well as list of countries that are subject to SHN requirements.

Should there be changes to your child’s/ward's travel plans, please amend your travel declarations on **Parents Gateway by 17 Mar, Tues**.

Thank you and stay safe.

#### **JC1 Parent Information Evening March 2020**
Information for all JC1 parents can be found via the Parents Gateway app or in the following slides.<br>
[JC1 PIE 2020 final.pdf](/files/2020pdf21.pdf)<br>
The latest information from the college will be posted on the Parents Gateway app for all parents/guardians.

#### **Letter to all Parents regarding March Term Break 2020**
Please read the letter from our Principal, Mrs Phyllis Lim, to all parents/guardians of our students.<br>
[Travel Plans Declaration for March 2020.pdf](/files/2020pdf22.pdf)

#### **Information regarding adjustments to curriculum hours for release of GCE A-Level results on 21 Feb 2020**
Information regarding the adjustments to curriculum hours in view of the release of the GCE A-Level results on 21 Feb can be found in this letter.<br>
[Letter on Release of A-Levels (Precautionary measures for JC1 and 2)17 Feb.pdf](/files/2020pdf23.pdf)

#### **Letter to all JC1 Parents/Guardians, 17 Feb 2020**
Please read the letter from our Principal, Mrs Phyllis Lim, to all parents/guardians of our JC 1 students.<br>
[2020 T1 JC1 Letter to Parents 17Feb20.pdf](/files/2020pdf24.pdf)

#### **JC2 Parent Information Evening**
The JC2 Parent Information Evening was held in the Performing Arts Centre on 30 & 31 January 2020. Thank you to all parents who attended one of the sessions. The powerpoint slides are available for download here:<br>
[JC2 PIE slides 2020.pdf](/files/2020pdf25.pdf)

#### **Protect Your Children and Yourself Against Dengue**
Singapore is currently experiencing a historically high number of dengue cases. The weekly number of reported dengue cases continue to remain high and the cumulative number of dengue cases for this year (as of 5 Aug 2020) stands at more than 22,400 which is the highest recorded in a single year. The number of dengue cases has surpassed the 22,170 recorded in 2013, which was the previous largest dengue outbreak in Singapore. The National Environment Agency (NEA) is strongly encouraging all residents staying in dengue cluster areas to:

*   **Spray** insecticides in dark corners at home (e.g. behind curtains and under beds);
*   **Apply** insect repellent regularly; and
*   **Wear** long-sleeve tops and long pants.

You are strongly advised to consider applying insect repellent on your children before they leave home for school. Students are also encouraged to bring the insect repellent to school for re-application, before they leave school for home. 

Do remind your family members to apply insect repellent too. Here is a guideline on the use of insect repellent spray and a Dengue Self Protect Flyer for your reference.

[Applying insect repellent effectively.pdf](/files/2020pdf26.pdf)<br>
[Dengue Self Protect Flyer.pdf](/files/2020pdf27.pdf)