---
title: "2021"
permalink: /parents/2021/
description: ""
---
### **2021**
#### **Covid-19 Vaccination Exercise for Students in Schools**
MOE is commencing Covid-19 vaccination for students in schools and institutes of higher learning as part of the national vaccination exercise. Please refer to these slides and infographic for more information. The information were sent to parents/guardians through the Parents Gateway app.<br>
[Student Vaccination Ex - Parents Kit.pdf](/files/vaccination1.pdf)<br>
[Student Vaccination Exercise Infographic.pdf](/files/vaccination2.pdf)

#### **Travel Declaration for 2021 Year-End Holidays**
Dear Parent/Guardian, to ensure schools continue to be a healthy and safe environment for all, we require parents/guardians to make a **travel declaration for your child/ward only if he/she intends to travel** for the year-end holidays <u><b>by 29 October 2021 (Friday).</u></b>

We encourage you to do so via the [Parents’ Gateway (PG) app](https://pg.moe.edu.sg/). If you do not have access to [Parents’ Gateway (PG)](https://pg.moe.edu.sg/), you may do so by printing and filling out the attached form and submitting the hardcopy to the General Office (GO).

If your child/ward is travelling, please indicate clearly both the country and city of travel. Only one parent is required to declare. If your child/ward is **not travelling** during the year-end holidays, **no action is required** on your side.

When planning your travel, please refer to the attached advisory on travelling. If there is a change of travel plan(s) after declaration, please inform the school as soon as possible. 

Thank you for your partnership and support to keep our school safe.<br>
[Travel Declaration for Year-End Holidays 2021.pdf](/files/travel%20declaration.pdf)

#### **Precautionary Measures for Schools from 11 Oct 2021**
In line with MOH’s updates to the national COVID-19 testing and isolation protocols, MOE will update the precautionary measures from 11 Oct 2021. 

  

Students in close contact with a confirmed COVID-19 case will no longer be placed on Quarantine Order(QO); they will be issued a 7-day Health Risk Warning (HRW) by MOH.

MOE will no longer issue Leave of Absence (LOA) and Approved Absence (AA) to all students and staff.

Students currently under existing QO, LOA or AA can return to school for lessons if they are well and have a negative ART result on the day they go to school.

Primary schools will require close contacts of confirmed COVID-19 cases in school to undergo regular ART self-testing while waiting for the issuance of an HRW. We seek your understanding that schools will no longer call parents to inform you that your child is a close contact of a confirmed COVID-19 case and will use electronic means (e.g. Parents Gateway or email) instead.

More details can be found in this joint press release by MOE and the Singapore Examinations and Assessment Board (SEAB).<br>
[ Updates to precautionary measures for schools and IHLs - 10 Oct 2021.pdf](/files/ihls.pdf)

#### **Arrangements for National Exams candidates affected by Covid-19**
The Ministry of Education (MOE) and the Singapore Examinations and Assessment Board (SEAB) have put in place arrangements for the coming national examinations for those who may be affected by COVID-19. These include special consideration for those who miss any papers, as well as special arrangements to allow candidates to take their national year-end examinations while on Quarantine Order (QO), Leave of Absence (LOA) or Approved Absence (AA) in a safe manner. More information can be found in the press release and slides here.<br>
[Arrangements for national examination candidates - 26 Sept 2021.pdf](/files/nationalexams1.pdf)<br>
[FAQs on arrangements for National Examination candidates affected by COVID-19.pdf](/files/nationalexams2.pdf)

#### **Arrangements for 2021 National Year-end Written Examinations**
Updated arrangements for the national year-end written examinations for 2021 were announced by the Singapore Examinations and Assessment Board (SEAB) on 28 Aug 2021.<br>
[Updated Arrangements for the 2021 National Year-End Written Examination MOE.pdf](/files/updatedarrangements.pdf)

#### **CJCares, CJ Celebrates, and Thanksgiving Mass**
Information on the college's fundraising project, CJ Celebrates e-concert, and Thanksgiving Mass was sent in a letter to parents/guardians via Parents Gateway.<br>
[CJCares Letter to Parents - 28 July 2021.pdf](/files/cjcares.pdf)

#### **Letter to Parents, Term 3 2021**
A Letter from our Principal, Mrs Phyllis Lim, to all parents/guardians for Term 3 2021 was disseminated via the Parents Gateway app.<br>
[Principals Letter to JC1 Parents Term 3 2021.pdf](/files/ltp1.pdf)<br>
[Principals Letter to JC2 Parents Term 3 2021.pdf](/files/ltp2.pdf)<br>
[All Parents MOE Press Release - Updates on the 2021 National Examinations and Resumption of CCA.pdf](/files/ltp3.pdf)

#### **Safe Management Measures (Updated - 21 July 2021)**
An update on the school's safe measurement measures as at 21 July 2021.<br>
[Updates on Safe Management Measures 21 July.pdf](/files/safetymeasurements.pdf)

#### **JC1 Parent Information Evening March 2021**
The following slides were shared with the parents of our JC1 students who attended the Parent Information Evening on 9 Mar 2021. [JC1 PIE slides - Mar 2021.pdf](/files/jc1pie.pdf)

#### **Release of 2020 GCE A-Level Results, 19 Feb 2021**
The following press statement by the Singapore Examinations and Assessment Board (SEAB) on the date of the release of the GCE 2020 A-Level examination results can be read here. [2020 A-Level Results_1st Press Release for MOE.pdf](/files/alevelresults.pdf)<br>
More school-based instructions on the collection of results will be disseminated next week.

#### **JC2 Parent Information Evening - Jan 2021**
The JC2 Parent Information Evening was held on 26 and 27 January 2021. We would like to thank all parents/guardians who attended one of the sessions. The powerpoint slides used that evening can be found here: [JC2 Parent Info Evening Jan 2021.pdf](/files/jc2.pdf)