---
title: General Paper
permalink: /education/knowledge-skills/general-paper/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Knowledge Skills
variant: tiptap
---
<h3><strong>General Paper</strong></h3><h4><strong>About the Programme</strong></h4><p>General Paper encourages students to actively explore a range of key issues of global, regional and local significance and be ready to meet the challenges of higher education and the workplace of the future. Students appreciate the interrelationship of ideas, and become more adept at interpreting and evaluating the complexities of the world we live in. They also develop the disposition of active inquiry, the habit of reflection, the willingness to convey their views in a balanced, thoughtful manner, guiding them to make responsible decisions and to contribute constructively towards their communities.</p><h4><strong>A Level Syllabus</strong></h4><p>Click the following link for an overview of the General Paper syllabus as well as the assessment format: <a href="https://www.seab.gov.sg/docs/default-source/national-examinations/syllabus/alevel/2024syllabus/8881_y24_sy.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">General Paper (Syllabus 8881) - First year of examination in 2024</a></p><h4><strong>Prerequisites/Suitability</strong></h4><p>It is compulsory for all JC students to offer General Paper at the A-Levels.</p><p>While students should find the essay writing and comprehension components familiar, having experienced a similar examination format at the O-Levels, General Paper demands depth of argumentation and critical thinking skills that are much more advanced than at the O-Level. CJC provides students with a foundation in thinking skills and content to allow them to craft well-reasoned arguments.</p><p>Above all, consistent effort and practice ensures success at the A-Levels.</p><h4><strong>Student Testimonials</strong></h4><p><a href="https://d33wubrfki0l68.cloudfront.net/daee3e44a0a8b0b812e2c6abe2ef0dcbb52f154b/f64b4/images/generalpaper1.jpg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Testimonials re CJC GP Programme 1.jpg</a><br><a href="https://d33wubrfki0l68.cloudfront.net/bc9eb3409c0ab4a96aa68b0d967c3520bfba476a/18c45/images/generalpaper2.jpg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">More Testimonials.jpg</a></p><h4><strong>Enrichment</strong></h4><p><strong>1. Creative Arts Programme</strong><br>Co-organised by MOE Gifted Education Branch and Yale-NUS College, the annual programme provides participants with the opportunity to develop their writing and interest in art forms through a week-long online seminar in June. The seminar comprises a series of writing and performance workshops conducted by illustrious writers and performance artistes. Selected students may also be part of the mentorship programme, during which they are personally mentored by an established writer over the course of 9 months.</p><p>Each year, an average of four-five CJC students are accepted into the programme.</p><p><strong>2. World Philosophy Day Essay Writing Competition</strong><br>An annual philosophy essay writing competition organised in celebration of World Philosophy Day (21 November 2024).</p><p>The contemporary philosopher, Anthony Grayling, believes that philosophy should play a useful role in society and public policy (not just in academia). This essay writing competition challenges students to use critical thinking, logical reasoning and rational argumentation – characteristic methods of philosophical inquiry and analysis.</p><p><strong>3. Opportunities to Engage Industry Practitioners</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>GP External Agencies Outreach Programme</p></li><li><p>Economics-General Paper Stretch Programme</p></li></ul><p>Every year, CJC will partner CPDD and external agencies to invite representatives for dialogue sessions with our students. This programme aims to equip students with a breadth of views and a deeper insight into Singapore issues from the perspective of public service agencies. It also aims to develop in students an appreciation of the interrelationship of ideas across disciplines.</p><h4><strong>Frequently Asked Questions</strong></h4><p><strong>Q:</strong>&nbsp;What is the difference between O-Level English Language and A-Level General Paper?<br><strong>A:</strong>&nbsp;Refer to ‘Pre-requisites/Suitability’ above.</p><h4><strong>Contact Information</strong></h4><p>Do you have a question that has not been addressed on this site? If so, feel free to write to one of us:</p><p><strong>HOD/ Ms Pauline Chua</strong><br>chua_sook_lan_pauline@moe.edu.sg<br><strong>LH (JC1 2024)/ Ms Cara Chew-Lommen</strong> chew_heng_suan_cara@moe.edu.sg<br><strong>LH (JC2 2024)/ Ms Serene Thong</strong> <a href="mailto:thong_wan_ling_serene@moe.edu.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">thong_wan_ling_serene@moe.edu.sg</a> <br></p>